INTRODUCTION
what is a lighthouse?
a lighthouse is a tower built next to the sea that has a powerful flashing light at the top to show ships where to go or to warn them of danger

why is that connected to us?

we will be the light that will guide new projects to the right direction, while we will protect our community  from the danger
 that is investing on a bad project.
Light house is a blockchain community-driven incubator , launchpad and a active advisor that helps new projects on how to improve, 
approching different views and giving new insights with our team and community feedbacks, 
our mission is to implement the market with projects that are trustworthy to invest in.
Lighthouse will be a safe spot as a community based platform and as we progress on our roadmap the community 
will be able to vote on major and minors topics, participate in our community newspaper, will decide futures places for ours conferences, 
we will inject plans from the community that help the institute Mo Koet growth, and even more features that are to come.
Lighthouse believes that the community is everything, without a strong community any project is built to fail,
 that's why we will focus on the crypto community growth, we are going to create a huge and strong crypto community to lower the numbers of scams, 
rug pulls and FUD out there.
As said by Robert Ingersoll ''We rise by lifting other''.

Community
A community is the foundation of anything, Lighthouse planS to make campaigns reaching everyone in the crypto market,
 as  crypto influencers, crypto newspapers, crypto organizations.
The main focus of LightHouse is on building a strong crypto community,
 and that means who's that are willing to learn about the crypto world can join our community,
 we will be reaching out people that wants to learn about the crypto space.
Lighthouse objective is to connect people all around the world and become a space that people can communicate,
invest and build.

Its incredible to think that has more than 5 Billion people with internet connection
and internet users are increasing on every single second, but back in 1995 internet users were less than 1% of the world population.
but why it effect us? as wrote by yahoo finance ''By the end of 2021, the global crypto market had about 295 million users.''
Crypto users are less than 6% of people that have an internet connection, that means that 
the crypto market has a pontecial to grow exponennetially this year and the follow ones.
our objective is to make a safe place for thoses that are to come and for thoses that are already in the crypto market.
as Elon Musk said "I am not trying to be anyone's saviour,
I'm trying to think about the future and not be sad" Lighthouse will reach every single spot to create a huge, active and safe community.
Showing new crypto users that isnt just about scams and rug pulls, or as some say ''pyramid system''.

market problem
as the crypto industry are growing everyday, projects are getting realeased in market without support and being analyzed...
as has a lot of launchpads that are willing
to launch projects to make profits, but the problem here is that they are hurting the crypto community and damaging people's trusts.

Lighthouse plans to change the foundation of the crypto market giving the crypto community hope that they can hold and trust projects team's,
building a strong and active community that trust the process, seen our team transparency to build a place that care for
what the community wants, building teams that respect their community's.

We will work to make the crypto market more secure and community friendly, Lighthouse is here to remember teams that they are
not just building projects,but they are messing with people's dreams, the community is investing their money on projects hoping for a better future.

People say DYOR, but sometimes even when you do your work the project failed on you, a clear example is the Cryptocars metaverse
they stolen millions of dolars of people and the community trusted their team, people did their DYOR, but what the matter? sometimes even 
doing a amazing reseacher the project turn on the people, and hurt their trust.

The crypto community is losing investors as they are getting scammeds and rug pulls are happening all the time.
Lighthouse will make a brighter future to its investors and build trust for new projects that are to come.


Marketing and public relations
Lighthouse will focus in building a huge and strong community to make the difference on the crypto space. 
we will focus on crypto influencers, crypto experts, crypto organizations, 
charity assotiations, and people that wants to grow on the crypto market. 
Lighthouse will be in social medias as twitter, instagram, telegram, discord and facebook.
and we plan to participate on Crypto conferences and make ours own conferences.
As we believe, by having a good marketing with a perfect PR, we will have a community that trust on projects that
are going to be supported by Lighthouse.

Crypto influencers
Lighthouse will be reaching out crypto influencers that have their focus to help the community, we don't want fake or ghost
partnerships, we want to build a strong and efficient community that will change the crypto space.

Crypto experts
Having crypto experts to communicate to with project team members helping them growing even bigger, will make our community
more confident to invest.

Crypto organizations
crypto organizations that are willing to make the difference, that will provide assistance to build a bright future
for ours community's, creating events and make the crypto market move.

Charity assotiations
Lighthouse having a charity assotiation as the institute Mo Koet will be reaching out charity organizations to
help them as we help each other to build a network that will be beneficial for the whole community.

Community engagement program
Lighthouse has a community engagement program that will help to build a strong and active community members
giving our active members rewards.

Community Newspaper
Writting and driven by the community.  Lighthouse will be reviewing the article to check if the information is correct and if has any malicious links
we want a safe place to the community to gather informations of all kind.
We plan to launch a podcast and make videos on youtube as well, 
that way we can communicate to the community with community speakers.

community writers - you can write whenever you feels like writing,You can write over a cop of coffe/tea if you want to.
 when submiting your text you will be asked to send your wallet adress as well(in case you arent connected on our website).
 the wallet adress it is in case you win,
 the prize will be transfered to your wallet. You can write more than one, is up to you on how many texts you will make.
 writers can write only in english for now,but we will add later on others languages as portuguese and spanish.

Lighthouse are going to have rewards to the Top 3 most voted news by the community. They will vote based on theirs criterias, if the news is relevant,
 if they like it or not, or if they likes the writer, is not up to us on how the community will vote.
 On the beginning we plan to start with X weekly, we plan to increase according to the community growth,
 to vote on the newspaper the person needs to be holding as if they are voting in a project.

In a near future we will add new sections as Memes with memes contests, a section for the institute Mo Koet
and a few more features that are to come, we plan to have a huge engagement with our community.


Engagement program
Lighthouse believes that the community must be more appreciated, we are going to build a strong and active community.
Our plan is to engage in a diversity of ways as community voting system, community feedbacks, referral code,community newspaper
charity program and new features that are to come.
We will have tokens to build a active community, we will buyback community engagement token,
meaning that wont cause a damage on the token price, because we will buy gradually.

Community voting system

The community will have the whole control on the projects that will be launch, on newspapers, future workshop place, charity decisions,
and changes that will be made on the platform.

community feedback

the community will be able to help lighthouse to construct a new market,with teams that listen to the community
even Lighthouse will get a lots of benefits receiving the community feedback, we are growing together.

Referral code

Referral code will make our community grow exponentially as we will have youtubers, community experts and our on community,
that will do the famous brazilian ''boca-a-boca'' that is tell theirs own friends if they aprove or not lighthouse.

Community newspaper

the community newspaper is one of our most precious asset, because we are so delighted to see what the community will write
and how they will write, we even plan to make different seassions as crypto news, crypto memes,institute Mo Koet, and 
much more that will be input with the community

Institute Mo Koet

So our charity program is something that the founder was planning to do after his friend died on 2019, and we support his ideia
as it will be beneficial to the community, team members and projects will be community based. 

*we plan to create a youtube channel and podcast, but we still analyzing on how would everything works, as we plan to have community members participating*

Institute Mo Koet, charity program.
as said by Dr.Martin Luther King Jr. ''Our goal is to create a beloved community and this will require a qualitative change in our souls 
as well as a quantitative change in our lives''. We will be making a institute named as Mo Koet, a founder's friend that was killed by a driver in USA.
the institute Mo Koet will focus on building projects that can help the community, made by a community team.
the institute will only invest on projects that have a true cause,
 the institute plans to support people that wants to build new projects when they do not have financially resources.

How the institute Mo Koet will be funded?
LightHouse will be giving 5% of it's profit, 
The institute will be reviewing with the community if the project will be beneficial before we launch on the main platform.
the institute will accept donations and voluanteers that are willing to help the growth of our community, 

will be always From the community to the community.

 A bit about Mo Koet, a french guy that moved from france to USA trying to live a better life,
Mo was a humble, charismatic, funny and helpful person, he used to laugh at his problems face.
He was working a double shift on a restaurant and even when he couldnt get a double shift he was working on something else.
He used to helps people out even when he was tired of work...but unfortunately he was passing thru a lot of problems, he got fired because he got injured,
he lost his appartment, he got all of his documents stolen, a lot of things were happening, But he never gave up...until the driver ran his over.

Leant a lot from Mo, and we want to pass a little bit of what he always taught to others, being humble and helpful and never give up.

How will work
Our inccubator will have a 3 step process plus KYC.
First, the project will pass through our analyze, our analyze will consist on check:
whitepaper/litepaper
market need
tokenomics
token utility
If they do not meet the requeriments to make through the first step 
our team will advise them on how they could make it better, and lighthouse will tell them why would be better to make such a change.
We would never reject or reprove a project, we will advise them to make it better.

Second step
Will consist on community vote's and feedback's, the community will vote to pass or not the project, if the project has 80%
or more positive votes the project will go through the last step.

if they dont reach 80% of positive votes, lighthouse will support the team analysing the community feedbacks and see what we missed
and how we can make it good enough to satisfy our community.

Third step
tha last step will be to make a pitch video of the project itself, 2 to 3 minutes long to be posted on our website and social medias
with the purpose of making advertise of the project on a diversity of platforms making the project well known creating expectations.

Community votes will consist on an vote and why, that way we will launch more consistent and trustwhorthy projects
. Yes, because....
. No, because....
Lighthouse believe that feedbacks are really important,so the project team will vote in one positive and one negative feedback
both feedbacks will receive 0.00005% of engagement program tokens.

Whitepaper/Litepaper
Besides of analysing what the project team are proposing to do, lighthouse will check if the project is a copycat of something or
if they just added few works of others whitepapers/litepapers.

Market need
Lighthouse will analyse if the project is making something different of what the crypto market already have.

Tokenomics
The base of any project, the tokenomics tell us everything that we need to know about the team's on financial matters

Token utility
The project can be perfect, but if it doesnt have a utility for it's token the price will only dump as the time pass by.

for projects
LightHouse will have KYC, AMAs, project review ,advisoring, marketing, community feedback. In a near future adding pre-audit token contract. 
we will create a exponential growth in the project, aiding to makes its path clear to achieve their goals.

Lighthouse will never reprove or reject a project, but together we will be making changes
 Providing support and guidance to the acceptence of the community, our objective is to create 
a innovate place for projects that will pass on to the community that they can invest safely.

pre-audit contract
 Lighthouse wants to make our community feel as at ease as possible,
 providing a pre audit contract will give our community a bit more of security on a market that everything is possible.

KYC
Because we can make the community feel safety knowing that if anything happens,
Lighthouse will use this information to file a criminal complaint.

AMA
Because is beneficial to both the community and the team. answering questions of the community will clarify their minds
and will help to build trust.

Advisoring
We believe that advisors must be active as being part of the team, thats why Lighthouse will focus on marketing, public relations ,and transparency work.
 We will work as intermediary between the project and their respective communitys.
We as investors and members of the community, we understand the feeling of not be included or missleaded by a project.
Lighthouse will support projects since pre-launch as a inccubator, on the launch as a launchpad,
and after, being a active advisor providing services to the project.
we want to build trust and a good relationship eliminating the feeling of unsafety and helpless that were created by scams and rugpulls.

Lighthouse focus in marketing, public relations and transparent work.
we want to make sure that the project will be well-know as it progress, communicating with the community and giving them information
on what is happening in the project, we see a lot of non-communicate projects and that makes the community feel uneasy starting FUD,
We will build trust and give respect to the project investors.



Advisoring fees: 5%

how will be used?

2.5% for our engagement program, Lighthouse will buyback tokens to be always encouraging our community to be active and to provide
countinious growth, our community is our most important asset, they deserve to be our top priotity.

1.5% for Lighthouse operations fee, Lighthouse will always be transparent about it's expenses.

1%  for institute Mo Koet, Lighthouse believe that we can change little by little the world,
as we progress the institute Mo Koet will be providing enough to build community projects and give a chance 
to who's dont have opportunnity.


Cycle mechnism
Lighthouse will implement a cycle mechnism to reuse it's tokens, not letting the price going down as we distribute 
tokens on engagement program and staking, we are going to buyback tokens and reutilize distribuiting tokens to our community.

We will buyback equally as our community grow, meaning that if we are rewards more tokens we will buying back the same amount that is being distributed.
lighthouse wants to reward the community without affecting the price action.

Lighthouse plans to implement a automated buyback system in a future, that will be more transparent to our community.

why not buyback and burn? if Lighthouse inutilize tokens that  would cause damage on our engagement program as we want to reward our community.

Public transparency
Lighthouse believe that transparency are considered fundamental to build a strong community,
you have the right to know where your money is going at, we want trust from our community.
Every Lighthouse movements will be made public, as we move, we would be happy to have the community feedbacks, positives and negatives,
that way we will be able to make the right movements growing even stronger in the market.


will be made public: disposition of revenues as our marketing plans and hiring new members, regulations, team members backgrounds,
 partnerships and why of thoses... anything that could possible affect the community will be available.

*Team members wont have their adress or their family involved, privacy are important as well*

Staking
Lighthouse use a governance token, tokens that are used to participate in our platform and to make decisions that will shape Lighthouse.
we have project voting, community engagement program, Institute Mo Koet and our launchpad,
to participate on any of the programs you need to stake your tokens, and as you stake you will be rewarded with APY.

As our community stake theirs tokens, they will be able to vote on aproving a new project, will have a chance to earn from feedbacks
earn from written newspapers, to choose our workshop location, voting on our institute decisions, and to make major changes in Lighthouse.

Conference
Lighthouse will realize conferences to our NFT owners, that will happen twice a year 
and we will use that opportunity to talk with ours investors that are willing to make the difference in the crypto future.
our private conference will only be available to who's that have NFT, and will be organized by experts.	
We will be transparent about how much was spent on the conferences and how much will be spend on the workshops 
we believe that our NFTs holders deserve to know on what their are putting their money in.



Our conferences are going to be made for community growth purposes as to plan the workshop and incentive 
thoses who's wants to participate , plans new innovations for lighthouse and its community, 
to present Mo Koet institute project that will have a huge opportunity to thoses who's want to be seed investors, 
to create new opportunity to our community investors, and to discuss the future of crypto world.

Our nft holders will be anonymous, we wont record the conference.
our coferences will be to filter ideias to present our community, and give opportunity to our nft holders 
as investors to create and show their projects in our workshop.

Uniting the community, to grow and to make the difference.
conference's day wont be released to the public, only for our NFT holders, preserving their identity and their privacy.
Lighthouse will move the crypto market innovating and giving purpose to investors and their's NFTs.

Workshops
Lighthouse will realize workshops with the purpose to show innovations made by our NFT holders and sponsors.
Workshops will be made by experts and will have speakers to talk with our community and diferent stands for our community interact.

Our workshop will be a place for innovation and to make connections within the community, building a strong bond between our community members.
will be presented to our community new projects, interesting topics voted by our community, future of Lighthouse and institute Mo Koet,and we will have
a lot of different interactions with benefits for thoses who attend the workshop.

Lighthouse will build bonds that will affect the crypto community as we will make events online and offline, for our community and investors.
Community events made by us will be recorded and made public in different platforms.



more details will be released as we plan with our NFT holders new features that will be voted by our community.

NFT
Lighthouse wants to give a purpose for buying an NFT, creating opportunity to NFT holders and giving a utility.
We plans to create a powerful NFT community with investors that are willing to change the crypto market,
and for thoses that are willing to participate on events that will be created by lighthouse.

Lighthouse will design and sell utility NFTs, that will be used as ticket for conference's, social events, staking and we plan to have
partnerships that are willing to give discounts or free acess for thoses that hold our NFT, lighthouse wants to create a strong network that 
support our crypto community.

Lighthouse plans to grow our NFT community yearly, making NFTs more useful and launching NFTs that increase prices accordingly with our growth,
selling new NFTs for 1.5X community base price, never devalueting our community asset.


Tokenomics
Circulating & Total Supply
‌Token name:$LHS
Token type: BEP-20
‌Total supply: 100.000.000 coins
‌Initial circulating supply: 24.000.000 (24%)


Token distribution:

20% community engagement program
20% marketing
15% presale
15% team and advisor
10% staking reward
10% liquidity pool
5%  institute Mo Koet fund
5%  initial operation


Community engagement program: Our most important asset is our community, 20% of our supply will to our community, TGE of 2% of it's total
as lighthouse will distribute accordingly to the community acheviments and 18% will be locked and released at 1.5% every 3 months for 3 years.
as our community grow we will need to have more tokens to reward our community. Lighthouse will show how much tokens are being distributed monthly
creating a graphic to our community and as we advise project launched by us, lighthouse will buyback tokens creating a cycle reuse it's tokens.

Marketing: Lighthouse plans to create a huge and strong community, and to make that happen we need a strong marketing to catch atettion.
TGE of 2% of it's total and 18% released at 0.5% monthly for 3 year, with a strong marketing and driven by our community engagement program
we will double our growth in a small period of time. Lighthouse will only sell marketing tokens if needed. Every action will be made public*.

Presale: 15% of total supply will be for lighthouse funding, paying audition, lock tokens, add liquidity and start with our operations.

Team and advisor: 15% will be for incentive our team and our advisor. Tokens will be locked innitially and released at 1.5% every 6 months for 5 years.

Staking reward: 10% will be allocated to our staking pool for our community

Liquidity pool: 10% will be allocated to our liquidity pool

Institute Mo Koet Fund: The institute Mo Koet will have 5% of the tokens to funds community projects that will be launched on our platform,
lighthouse plans to make a community team that are supported by the community to develop projects that will help to grow our community.
tokens will be innitially locked and released at 1.25% every 3 month for 1 year, tokens will only be sold with community approval.
Every action will be made public*

5% Initial Operation: These coins will be sold in small proportions and only if needed, bringing in new team members,use on system development, 
important partnerships,listing on major exchanges. Every action will be made public*
 

KYC
The purpose of this service is to make the crypto space more reliable.
 This service also helps the community feels at ease but it should be noted that the KYC process does not make a project completely secure,
 we identify the project team by doing KYC and we store this information securely.
If the project does rug pull or scam,  we will disclose the team identity,
 and file a criminal complaint against the whole team on their recpectives country's.
The information given to us during the KYC process is stored securely,will be stored on 2 separate devices that are not connected to the internet.
The data will never be shared with other people or institutions if the team follow the right procedures.














 



